fix: admin settings (#925)
appsmithorg/appsmith-docs: website/docs/getting-started/setup/instance-configuration/admin-settings.md

---
sidebar_position: 8
---
# Admin Settings

The Admin Settings page allows superusers on self-hosted instances to manage various instance configurations, including email, authentication, and Google Maps integration, as well as user settings and permissions.

<figure>

>   <img src="/img/super-admin-sidebar.png" style= {{width:"700px", height:"auto"}} alt="Admin Settings option is available in the left sidebar"/>

Author: @danciaclara due to the height of the screenshot

  <figcaption align = "center"><i>Access admin settings on the left panel under workspaces</i></figcaption>
</figure>

:::note
If you don’t see the “Admin Settings” option in the left sidebar, you’re not the super admin of this instance. 
:::

## Add super admins
Users who are granted super admin privileges are authorized to access and make changes to instance & platform settings. If you are a super admin and want to grant super admin privileges to other users, add their email addresses in the **Admin Email** field on the **General** settings page so they can access and modify instance settings as shown below:

> ```sql

Author: done

* **Share anonymous usage data**: : This setting lets you choose whether to share [anonymous usage data](/product/telemetry#opt-in-telemetry) with Appsmith to help improve the product.

* **Appsmith Watermark**: This refers to a watermark that appears on the bottom right corner of the Appsmith editor. You can [upgrade](https://www.appsmith.com/pricing) your plan to remove the Build on Appsmith badge on the app's bottom right corner.

### Email

You can configure email on your Appsmith instance to send invitation emails to users to join your workspace, handle user management emails such as invites and password resets. For more information, see [Email](/getting-started/setup/instance-configuration/email).

### Google maps

 Google Maps API integration lets you add maps to the apps, displaying location-based data interactively using the Map widget. For more information, refer to the [Google Maps API guide](/getting-started/setup/instance-configuration/email).

### Authentication

> By default, users can sign in to the Appsmith app using their email address and password through the Form Login. Additionally, Appsmith supports [**Google OAuth**](/getting-started/setup/instance-configuration/authentication/google-login), [**GitHub OAuth**](/getting-started/setup/instance-configuration/authentication/github-login), as well as popular single sign-on (SSO) authentication protocols like [**SAML**](/getting-started/setup/instance-configuration/authentication/security-assertion-markup-language-saml) (in the enterprise version) and [**OpenID Connect**](/getting-started/setup/instance-configuration/authentication/openid-connect-oidc) (in the enterprise version).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, users can sign in to the Appsmith app using their email address and password through the Form Login. Additionally, Appsmith supports [**Google OAuth**](/getting-started/setup/instance-configuration/authentication/google-login), [**GitHub OAuth**](/getting-started/setup/instance-configuration/authentication/github-login), as well as popular single sign-on (SSO) authentication protocols available on the enterprise edition such as [**SAML**](/getting-started/setup/instance-configuration/authentication/security-assertion-markup-language-saml)  and [**OpenID Connect**](/getting-started/setup/instance-configuration/authentication/openid-connect-oidc).
```
